This document describes howto install and use UOExt in your shard

===Client===

You need to make next steps:
  # Download core package from Downloads section.
  # Choose what kind of build you want to use. Right now there is 3 kind of builds:
    * Debug (shows debug console with all info error and warning messages)
    * DWO (Debug Window Only - shows only debug console)
    * Release (dosn't shows anything)
  # Copy selected build to your UO folder, and rename it to UOExt.dll
  # Change current folder to your UO folder
  # Open console window (WndKey + R, cmd, Endter)
  # Type "RunDll32.exe UOExt.dll,Infect32 client.exe" and hit enter. (It is wise to make copy of client.exe before doing this)

===Server===

Right now only RunUO server is supported. If someone want to see Spehere or POL - mail me (I'll need some help from you).

You need to make next steps:
  # Download core package from Downloads section.
  # Copy contents of "RunUO-Server" folder to you RunUO folder.
  # Copy selected build to %RunUO%\UOExt and rename it to UOExt.dll
  # Copy UOExt.GUI.dll to %RunUO%\UOExt
  # Add some plugins to your %RunUO%\UOExt\Plugins\Client folder (files with plg extension)
  # Run RunUO

Right now there is... bug... in RunUO, that dosn't allow you to send bulk packets. So you need to rebuild RunUO with one modification:

You need to get to Network\SendQueue.cs and find "private const int PendingCap". Set it to 96 `*` 1024.

----
Этот документ объясняет как установить UOExt на ваш шард.

===Клиент===

Выполните следующие шаги:
  # Скачайте основной пакет из секции Загрузок.
  # Выберите тип сборки. Сейчас существуют 3 типа:
    * Debug (Показывает спец консольку и пишут туда умные слова)
    * DWO (Debug Window Only - только показывает консольку)
    * Release (Ничего не показывает)
  # Скопируйте выбранную сборку в вашу папку с UO и переименуйте в UOExt.dll
  # Откройте консоль (WndKey + R, cmd, Ввод)
  # Перейдите в папку с UO
  # Напечатайте "RunDll32.exe UOExt.dll,Infect32 client.exe" и нажмите ВВод. (Мудро сделать перед этим копию client.exe)

===Сервер===

На данный момент поддерживается только RunUO. Если кто-то хочет увидеть поддержку Sphere или POL - напишите мне (Мне потребуется ваша помощь).

Выполните следующие шаги:
  # Скачайте основной пакет из секции Загрузок.
  # Скопируйте содержимое папки "RunUO-Server" в папку с RunUO.
  # Добавьте плагины в папке %RunUO%\UOExt\Plugins\Client (Файлы с расширением plg)
  # Скопируйте выбранную вами сборку в %RunUO%\UOExt и переназовите её в UOExt.dll
  # Скопируйте UOExt.GUI.dll в %RunUO%\UOExt
  # Запустите RunUO

Сейчас в RunUO есть... баг... который не позволяет вам посылать большие пакеты. Вам необходимо пересобрать RunUO с одним изменением:

Вам необходимо в Network\SendQueue.cs найти "private const int PendingCap" и поменять значение на 96 `*` 1024.